I'm so happy we're together again.
-Me too.
-Just like before.
Shit! We've never been apart this long!
What?
It's Sioux. My mother taught me.
Then again, who else could you have
celebrated your birthday with?
Honestly, who else besides your real BFF?
I can't believe what she did.
-Anyway, I don't want to talk about it.
-Yeah.
She barely apologized.
And she said it was over,
that it was just a "one-shot,"
when clearly, it wasn't.
It's insane to not be able to forgive.
To forgive is to grow.
Yeah.
And come on,
they broke up like 102 years ago.
And it's not like Max and me
are just all about sex.
No, this is freaking true love.
-Anyway, I don't want to talk about it.
-Yes, let's stop there.
-Who cares about all that?
-Yeah.
-Who cares?
-For real.
-So you still see her?
-And you still see her?
No.
A NETFLIX SERIES
THE LAME PLAN
THE CRAZY PLAN
THE BOOTY PLAN
THE HOOK-UP PLAN
Well, it depends on
what you mean by "seeing."
I see her face, but just in passing, on…
social media, stuff like that.
Oh good!
Sorority, sorori-me,
sorori-you, sorori-us!
How are things at the foundation?
Do you miss Piotr a lot? Since he died?
No, he's here.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-But…
-I mean, his ashes are.
But when it comes to work, he's useless.
I'm making great progress on my own,
on awesome projects,
and there's Suzanne, his daughter,
who's managing from a distance,
and we get along super well. It's ideal.
-You're ideal.
-Thanks.
Come to the country this weekend.
To recharge.
Away from the pollution.
You're inviting me 'cause Elsa can't go?
Not at all.
I'm inviting you because I adore you.
Sorori-love, sorori-sis, sorori-sex!
For this weekend?
Honestly, the countryside
right now is divine.
-Isn't it fucking freezing?
-What?
No. It's a microclimate.
I'm sure, but I'm ovulating this weekend.
-You're ovulating all weekend?
-Yes.
You want to ovulate at my place?
I'm trying to avoid moving around.
And I've set an alarm, too,
to go pee on my fertility test.
She and the man-whore
really want to reproduce?
That doesn't fit with
her whole sustainability thing.
What is that?
-It's Gayusha. She's a fertility goddess.
-Yes.
We've been trying to have a baby
for a while, but this time it'll work.
It's a gift from my shaman.
I mean, it cost 63 euros, but…
-Then it's not a gift.
-Yes, it is.
-The cassoulets!
-Wow!
It's the vegan cassoulet!
I love it!
Namaste. Thank you!
-It's delicious.
-It's a generous serving.
Yes, it is.
-You need to mix it like this.
-Isn't it already mixed?
It looks like they've already mixed it.
-The flavors burst in your mouth.
-Yes.
Around my place? It's a basin.
It never gets cold.
And your brother will be happy to see you.
Sorry, it's too complicated.
-Shit.
-I'm overwhelmed right now.
Because of Pinkars?
No, it's running itself.
I don't even go into the office.
-I'm probably going to sell it.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-Why?
Max wants to.
Right now, we're focusing
on the campaign, love, politics.
I'm going to realize a lifelong dream.
-President of the Republic.
-Wow, that big.
We're aiming for mayor
of the 9th district, but--
What do you mean "we're"?
Only one of you can be mayor.
He's me. I'm him.
It's the same thing. When he wins, I win.
But it's more like you're paying,
and he's getting it.
Wait, she's going into politics?
No, actually, it's not her.
That's the thing…
What voters is she representing?
A 33-year-old boomer, no conscience,
in a world facing environmental disaster?
You're not hungry?
I am.
But I had
a side.
Shit.
Wait.
How's Antoine taking it?
Not too young, I hope.
What? No. A side dish,
not a young side piece.
But Milou, fasting is not always--
-Yes, anyway.
-It's not.
Don't change the subject.
Why do you want a boob job?
I want to be perfect for him.
You think it's love?
No, I don't, no.
Britney, Rihanna.
Namaste. Great.
-What's that?
-Waste.
Waste?
-It's for my compost.
-Meaning?
Compost is much more effective
than any chemical fertilizer.
What I would like is to collect
all the peelings from the city
and send them to farmers.
No, you're right.
She wants Parisians
to dump their compost in farmers' faces?
That's right.
Why don't we just throw them our poop too?
-I'm growing a small vegetable garden.
-Oh, nice!
Julio and I put everything in there.
-Okay.
-Even our poop.
And it yields delicious vegetables.
You want some?
What are we talking about?
After that, she eats the vegetables.
-She's taking her yoga thing really far.
-I gotta admit.
You won't believe it!
It's time! The big moment!
-Is that my present?
-Yes!
-Present!
-Thanks.
-It's the smaller version?
-It's its baby.
It costs a little less,
but it's still expensive!
Thank you.
-She loves her present.
-Yes, I love it. Thanks.
-Hang on. I'm talking.
-You're on the phone?
What is it?
Is it poop?
No, it's a seed.
-From Parapoutna.
-What's that?
-It's good luck in India.
-It is?
I'll take it. Because honestly,
let me tell you, lately, with Antoine--
Just a sec. Fertility pee!
Right now?
Okay. Gayusha!
It looks like a dehydrated poop.
And Eddy, how is he?
He's fine. Well, I say "fine,"
but, you know, he's two.
As in "terrible twos."
-I love you so fucking much!
-I love you too.
Still no.
Yeah, of course.
What about this weekend?
-Well, I told you, if you want…
-No.
We need to work on your speech.
Absolutely. Yeah.
You're really the best.
Hello? Milou?
-I'm talking to you.
-Sorry.
-Thanks.
-She's not listening. I gotta run.
-Already?
-Yeah. It's on me.
Yes.
I'm ovulating. I need to go have sex!
Sorry!
Can you front me for lunch? I owe you one.
-What?
-Namaste, Milou. Let me take Gayusha.
-But…
-Thanks.
No, I can't.
Milou! Fingers crossed.
See you!
Yes, I'm coming. I'll meet you there.
Kisses. Ciao. Yeah, okay.
We're back in business?
So, Emilie, how are you?
Getting used to the countryside?
How's Antoine? Better?
Yes. I'm hungry.
-Hurry up and put this on!
-Yes. Okay.
You look gorgeous.
-It's been so long.
-Yeah.
-Hang on, hurry!
-Yes.
Oh, shit!
-Kiss me!
-Yes.
Look.
Is this for the ritual?
Yeah, I figured Gayusha
should feel at home.
-But of course.
-Wait.
There.
That's pretty loud.
Please let me get pregnant.
-Okay. Come here.
-Yes.
-Come here.
-I'm coming. Let me turn it down.
-Hold on.
-Let me turn it down.
-Baby, but come.
-Just a little.
Come here, my love.
-There.
-Yes.
-I love you.
-Me too.
Please let me get pregnant.
I mean, this is…
-We're beautiful.
-Well, yeah.
We're hot.
We're beautiful.
The PR genius and the lady entrepreneur.
The magical union.
The winning duo.
Hot.
So hot.
You're the one that's hot.
-Glory.
-Beauty.
-Money.
-Success.
-Present.
-CAC 40.
-Traveling.
-Usufruct.
-No! Property!
-Property.
-Vacation.
-Shit, I…
He's a healthcare worker.
Yeah, but the second lockdown
wiped him out. Burn out.
But it's only natural.
He hasn't gone back ever since.
He doesn't do anything.
Unemployed.
We don't have enough money
to rent a place in Paris.
Good thing my grandmother
gave us her house.
She's actually digging
the retirement home.
She's complaining there aren't enough men.
Because they die younger.
Yep, because you guys die earlier.
Bet you didn't know that.
So, meanwhile,
we're stuck in the countryside,
freezing our asses off.
That's normal. It's the basins.
Fuck.
That was good.
Hi.
Hi, Suzanne.
You should have told me
you were dropping by.
I have a lot of work.
Well, I can drop by whenever I want.
It's my building.
Well, my soon-to-be nightclub.
Anyway, this is really helping out
the foundation, even if it's temporary.
Suzanne. Look.
I put your daddy here. On the shelf.
In fact, I thought you might want
to think about planting him?
No, because there's a cemetery--
well, more like a forest,
where ashes are used to grow trees.
Great.
Elsa, honestly, do we really have
to do this dumb foundation thing?
Can't we do something else?
Don't you want to find some other thing?
We could create a brand of sweatshirts.
Or anal jewelry. Now that's awesome.
Or even better,
socks with your dog's face on them.
Right, but I don't have a dog.
Who cares?
It's hot on Instagram right now.
Then we collect the money
and give it to associations.
Because honestly, Elsa,
I'm feeling oppressed.
I've got this super annoying
charity thing with you in it.
And I'm forced to do it.
Otherwise, I lose my inheritance.
I understand. But what the foundation
really needs are women's projects.
Yes, that's nice, Elsa. If by Monday,
you don't have something sexy,
well, it's game over, you're fired.
Suzanne, please, not Monday.
Besides, the foundation
is here to help, not sell.
Suzanne--
Kisses. Bye.
Come on, stop.
Cha, come on.
But we're here.
Come on. Stop this.
-That's your winning headquarters?
-Yes!
Hang on. Look.
-What are you doing?
-Wait. Don't move.
Hang on. You won't believe it.
Are you kidding?
Come!
Shit, this is-- Here.
Campaign headquarters,
in the middle of the 9th district.
Your kingdom awaits!
-How much did you pay for this?
-A ton!
But it's for a good cause.
A ton? For this insalubrious place?
There's gotta be asbestos here.
More important,
there's room for the whole district!
Something wrong, dickhead?
Isn't this kind of big for him?
-Chantal.
-Our campaign manager.
No, hang on. We're paying her? To--
Well, I'm paying her.
Yeah, I would never work for you for free.
-I know what you're like.
-Exactly. She knows everything about you.
It's a win-win!
Now, it's more of a "lose-lose."
-I don't know if you've seen the polls.
-No.
Yeah. Green party, 17%…
Maxime Pauillac, two.
-Two?
-Two.
Okay…
Hurts, doesn't it?
Yeah, it's not…
In the meantime, I got the posters.
Okay. So wait. Okay. Wait.
-What?
-Suspense.
-Come on. Do it.
-Ready?
THE TIME FOR NINE
All right.
Now I feel confident.
Yeah, it's…
It's great.
-It's gorgeous. But…
-Killer.
-But, I mean, I'm a little…
-What?
…small.
The printer said
this is what Maxime asked for.
-No. It's not…
-This is kind of…
If there's too much information on
a poster, the message gets muddled.
And here, the message is me.
And you. That's the message,
you and me, so it's us.
Anyway, to kick the Green candidate's ass,
I had an idea, we'll add a tree.
Or a flower. That's a good idea.
ELSA
HELP!!! SHE WANTS TO FIRE ME!!!
-Oh shit.
-Yeah, plants.
I gotta go.
Well, I'll let you get settled in,
dickhead and…
Well, vaghead, I guess.
Or a panda.
Pandas are reassuring.
Chantal!
That whole "cum face" thing
was totally not true.
His face, when he comes,
isn't like Elsa said.
-Yes, it is.
-No, I swear!
No. On the contrary. His face is very--
-I'll call you.
-Very cute.
Oh, shit!
"My fellow French citizens…"
The acoustics aren't that great.
There's some crazy reverb.
Actually, Charlotte got herself
trapped in this love story
that doesn't suit her at all.
But she doesn't see it.
We see it, of course, but…
And since Max is Elsa's ex…
No one wants to see them,
so the gang is cut in half.
And since before-- I didn't tell you.
Sorry, did I wake you?
The thing is that Charlotte
used to date Matthieu in secret.
Matthieu, another friend in the gang,
can you imagine? What a mess.
What's the emergency, Elsa?
I'm in deep shit, Chantal.
I have to save the foundation
by Monday, or she'll fire me.
Don't worry.
We're going to blow Suzanne's mind.
A clear project.
Okay?
A goal.
I don't know, a…
Shit. Oh, fuck.
There's no place to sit here?
A clear project. A goal.
That's good.
And a vision.
-Yeah, a vision.
-What is your vision?
Well, this morning,
I was walking down the street,
and I thought to myself
that what really speaks to me
is nature and women. Gaia.
We've lost this fundamental connection
between the sacred earth and the feminine.
Women. The earth.
Two sisters who don't understand
each other anymore.
You know?
The reinsertion of women
by way of environmentalism.
Shit, that's it. That's exactly it.
You're a genius!
-Sorry.
-Do you have any projects that match that?
Yes, actually.
I have leads.
Stop it.
Anyway, I called them in
to present their projects ASAP.
However, you know,
I can't stay too late because I--
Yes. You're in your fertility window.
You need to go fuck.
Okay. Go.
One of them is on her way.
-Grab a seat.
-Great.
And Elsa isn't interested in anything
apart from her uterus,
so good luck with that.
Because I tried to get them
to make up. I really did.
But it was a total fail.
This whole thing is just hell.
There are so many flavors. It's delicious.
Thanks.
-You don't want any?
-No.
Okay.
So
this is breast milk ice cream?
Yes.
So we're really talking about
milk that
came from ladies' breasts?
-Yes.
-Is it yours?
-Yes, absolutely.
You can tell.
It's from my first child,
but I intend
to reach out to future mothers.
-This is good.
-Thanks.
What?
It's organic, for one thing.
When is the next one getting here?
Shit, I forgot to tell you.
Lunch with Milou
was almost like it was before.
She likes me better than Elsa.
-She even invited us over this weekend.
-Fuck.
Don't worry. I said no.
-We have the campaign.
-They just published a new poll.
-Yeah?
-The Green Party is up to 18%.
Did you talk about global warming
in your interview?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
What did you say?
I said that…
What?
I said that I've never been colder
than this winter.
Shit. When are they
wrapping up the article?
Sunday.
So we have the weekend
to make people think you're a tofu eater.
Yes, yes, I'm talking to you. Okay.
What will we do?
Yeah.
I have a genius idea.
She wants Parisians to dump
their compost in farmers' faces?
-That's right.
-Why don't we throw them our poop too?
You know what compost is?
Yeah.
What is it?
Well, it's…
It's…
A tampon you plant?
No. A vegetable tampatch.
And inside, there's a little squash seed.
And your period helps it germinate.
And there's no risk of toxic shock?
No, none at all.
Wait, is there?
Good thing I have my followers.
They're loyal, at least.
Yes, because I have an Insta. See?
If you want to follow me,
it's called Decountrymom.
"Deco" as in "decorating."
"Country" as in, well, "countryside."
And "Mom" as in "Mommy."
"Mommy," not like a mummy.
Like "Mom," "Mommy," without… There.
You can follow me if you like.
NEW APPOINTMENT IN OISE
FOR WORK QUOTATION
Finally, a construction site.
Hi, you momtrepreneurs!
Today, I'm meeting with Arnaud,
who wants to entrust his living room
to Decountrymom's expert hands.
-Hello, Arnaud!
-Hello.
So tell us.
What am I seeing here?
This place needs a little freshening up!
MUMTREPRENEUSE POWER!!
HI DECOUNTRYMOM
Good thing I'm here.
So, suspense, girls.
See you again real soon
for an awesome before and after.
See you. Kisses.
There, that's done.
So what are we aiming for?
An industrial look?
Less boary?
It's more of a clogged-toilet situation.
Toilet-- But I'm not a plumber.
I'm an architect.
-You're wearing a plumber's belt.
-It's an architect's belt.
-On Insta, it says "all kinds of work."
-Architectural work.
-What the hell am I doing here?
-What if I follow you?
No.
And if I tag you in a story?
-Fine. Where's the toilet?
-This way.
It's too bad. This really is very ugly.
-And so, this is…
-A "One Old Woman Show."
Yes, but for kids. And it talks about
the environment at one point.
I thought it was a shame that kids
were left out by stand-up comics.
Since they have a crappy sense of humor…
and so do I, it's a perfect match.
But isn't the foundation
meant to support women?
Chantal.
-That's discriminatory.
-Yes, kind of.
But, Roman, you're not a woman.
You're just dressed up as one.
When's the next project getting here?
There isn't a next one.
-Can I begin?
-Sure, go ahead, Roman.
-Sorry.
-Great.
One, two, three, go for it.
Hi, kiddos! It's Mrs. Doubtwater!
And today,
we're going to be looking at apples.
But careful. Make sure
you don't end up a bad one!
A bad apple!
-Elsa?
-Yes.
-You're in deep shit.
-Yeah.
Good thing we're together because
my professional life is such shit.
Tell me about it.
The music label is putting
so much pressure on me.
Sorry, this is all we had.
A gherkin.
I don't understand.
You were happy.
You told me they were the best.
The label is great, but the boss,
he's too full of himself.
He won't stop rushing me,
and I'm struggling.
Nothing I do works.
-And there's us.
-Yes.
Maybe I should think
more about the future.
Especially if we have a child.
At least my father found
a better-paying job when I was born.
But he never made music again.
He blamed you for it his entire life.
I don't know why
you're stressing out so much.
We're doing great, aren't we?
Who's that? Don't move. I'll be back.
I'm not moving.
-Yes?
-Yes, hello?
Hello. Are you looking for someone?
You are…
We are Günther and Ludwig.
-The new Airbnb renters.
-Yes.
What?
-I am Günther.
-Hello?
Günther. Hang on two "minuten."
-Who is it?
-I don't know.
We have a reservation.
We made a mistake with the Airbnb dates.
It's 2/10, not 10/2.
Does this mean
we sublet our place from today on?
Yeah, for two months.
There! Caught red-handed!
You owe two months' rent,
and then you illegally sublet!
What?
-No.
-I'm kicking you out.
-What?
Yeah, I get it. It's no big deal, man.
See you. Ciao.
We can't stay with Roman.
-That only leaves your mother.
-Over my dead body.
-It's just one night.
-No!
DADDY IS UNEMPLOYED
Fuck.
What a shitty day.
Stupid train. Stupid BFFs.
Fucking toilet. Hi.
-Hi.
-Oh, fuck.
-Hi?
What's he doing here?
Ever since Charlotte got with Max,
he's been down.
And we're dancing the hokey pokey?
-Can't he go be depressed elsewhere?
-It's just the weekend. I couldn't say no.
You're sure Charlotte's not coming?
It would destroy him.
I'm sure. Neither Charlotte nor Elsa.
God knows I offered. I don't know why
nobody wants to come to the countryside.
I really wonder why.
What is it? Is it the neighbor again?
The one who wants us to cut down trees
so he can have fiber Internet?
Do we look like--
Namaste!
-What are you doing here?
-Namaste!
Spontaneous change of plans.
We're ovulating at your place!
-Okay. All right.
-Yup, we're crazy.
-What a big surprise.
-First time here.
What's up?
Surprise!
We really felt like
visiting the countryside!
Take a break from the campaign.
Well, I think it's going to be
an awesome weekend.
-Me too.
-Yes? Then say it.
It's going to be an awesome weekend.
-There you go.
-Yeah.